and so what if it is a rebound relationship for both of you ?	1
i mean that you have to really be her friend .	0
good luck in your search for the one !	1
are you posing a rhetorical question ?	0
my ex of 3 years cheated .	1
i do not intend to be mean .	0
work at it but do n't let him keep you locked up at home .	1
because some women send subtle messages to men rather than being clear .	0
> > other than those two things , just ask him once in a while .	1
let us purchase coffee and converse and proceed from that point !	0
also men get bored and tire way before woman do .	1
also , i dislike it when my father is unhappy .	0
its one way of saying i do n't like you !	1
ask him if you should go see a doctor .	0
king had a song about this - only your mother loves you ( and see might be jiving too ) .	1
he probably has many things to worry about right now other than you .	0
he loves you , too , girl ... time will tell .	1
but i do not believe that he will be unfaithful or leave you due to lack of intercourse .	0
he wants me to change how i look .	1
will i always feel that way ?	0
i know i have someone to come home to .	1
however , he may enjoy all of the waiting , dreaming and flirting .	0
did you fell goog because i want to have sex , but you have to be careful	1
also , i would like to try again .	0
you want all your friends forever ? )	1
some men shave , it depends on the woman .	0
it does n't mean that you are slutty .	1
well , if you are really attracted to this guy , then smile and speak nicely to him .	0
going to a club and dancing .	1
i am not certain whether he loves you , but he definitely likes you .	0
do n't go anywhere you went with him or her .	1
women are coomplicated .	0
they 're a lot of fun - there 's plenty to do .	1
i realize i am overly selective when it comes to people ; how can i stop this ?	0
it all depends on when ur ready .	1
doing that does sound rather feminine .	0
stay 100 miles away from this guy .	1
sometimes , if the good outweighs the bad , then the difficulties are worth it .	0
just be prepared cause if it happen once it can happen again !	1
that is if both of you agree to do this .	0
i 'm just looking for the girl who wants that time with me	1
well , why do you like the one boy who picks on you ?	0
least not till he gets another girlfriend .	1
in addition , men sometimes think that they do not need you that badly until you are gone .	0
wife says , we do n't wear that shit .	1
alas , if a male inquires of you , do not be frightened to state negatively .	0
if you 're asking , then you should break-up w/ and open yourself to other options .	1
do i desire to be in love ?	0
why do gays want to get married ?	1
they will think you are leering if you look at them creepily .	0
do you have to rush your choice ?	1
i think that you are right , it is confusing .	0
they both dont respect your feeling .	1
how do i get my significant other to show me that he loves me .	0
no seriously , think about howmany cocky girls are out there .	1
that is if you truly adore them .	0
she is too afraid to ask him out .	1
do not sell yourself , even if he is wealthy .	0
get a grip , how can you love someone that you do n't even communicate with .	1
you sound live a very lovely person , so do not allow these women to make you feel bad .	0
i 'd ask you out , but i live in oregon and have no idea where you live ...	1
i do not know , but i have knowledge of another webpage that i visit..	0
they have never proformed before and it doubles the plesure !	1
i sincerely urge you to consider how many overly confident women exist .	0
i 'll probably go and see one .	1
without being in a relationship , that might appear to be a little promiscuous .	0
mail me a pick honorarius @ yahoo.com and i will tell you ...	1
he asked if i would like to use his chapstick .	0
well-im girl so ill help u out .	1
you should never allow a man to mistreat you .	0
dont tell them but let them find out once your in bed with her .	1
absolutely not , he is too hefty and i am undesirably frail .	0
if i would 've kept my last name its just a freakin name .	1
you can tell him if he says yes .	0
i hardly everrr see him in school either usually i see hima t my brothers basketball games .	1
what was the mistake that you took part in ?	0
he 's telling that to some gurls too ... he 's a womanizer..	1
king has a song about this , it is called 'only your mother loves you . '	0
drop his buttt , there are plenty of fish in the sea of amore:0 )	1
why are we in a relationship if our partner treats us badly after we fall in love ?	0
i know because i am just like your wife .	1
if you have experienced it , what was it like ?	0
when she calls , text her back	1
it is not a turn off if she drinks too much .	0
no way im 5`4 and he`s 6`2	1
if that 's want you want .	0
dont you know the number one rule , trust no one .	1
it is like getting rid of a drug habit .	0
we 've tried breakin up a couple times but it never happens .	1
wow , i ought to do that the next time that i am dating .	0
oh and some because theyre thin and skinny and nowadays anorexic girls are a turn on .	1
what is your desire , however ?	0
if u have penis than its no problem u just hv to penitrate her pussy with ur errect penis .	1
it sounds like you both are comfortable with how things are now .	0
in that case tkake some defense classes .	1
do not allow her to dominate your life for she will simply have to learn to deal with it .	0
i just got out of a 3 yr relationship with my baby 's father .	1
if he does not go out with you , do not worry as there are plenty of other options .	0
what happened when the politician took viagra ?	1
no man gave give you everything you want .	0
hi , my name is xxxxxx been working for me for years .	1
if you want to stay married , you need to find yourself .	0
i can onli say ... women r complicated ...	1
start with a simple common question and proceed from that point .	0
we like soft approch and a lil bit of chasing .	1
inquire of their desire to travel to a location accompanied by you .	0
you would be genuinly suprised in the type of people that go to them .	1
trust him , and do not bring the matter up again .	0
it is very fun and enjoyable especially when you meet each other after texting a few months	1
i am still trying to work up my nerves to try that out .	0
hey , i 'm in nyc i 'll help you out if your around !	1
find the one who loves you also .	0
sounds strange but it worked in about 3-5 days for me !	1
i will be your significant other is you come to me town .	0
do n't worry , i aint working with much either .	1
stay very far away from this man .	0
why does it matter what they think if they dont get along dont spend time togather .	1
it is your choice not to dislike one , i despise them all , to say the least .	0
if he is then you have a good man .	1
i would estimate approximately three or four .	0
if he likes you , you 'll know !	1
he is a womanizer and has been telling that to some young woman .	0
i guess its normal , but id just move on	1
i knew all my former girlfriends were not the one until i met my wife .	0
i like any guy that is funny .	1
do not try to have both of them at once , whatever you do .	0
girl only you can decide on this ...	1
sexual intercourse is not the only thing important in life !	0
do go telling everyone just because you think thats right .	1
i have a yahoo e-mail address and that is sufficient for me .	0
10 years gap is just nice .	1
for me , fun includes eating meals .	0
then if he still does n't like you , then move on .	1
however , he was a little busy afterward .	0
beacuse they feel insecure with less educated guys ... ... ... .	1
that will just be sexual intercourse .	0
for one thing if it does n't work out there goes your job .	1
do not approach her and let her know that you find her looks very attractive .	0
and i hope to god it does n't ever pass !	1
it sounds like you are going through plenty of things right now .	0
only the ones that are n't worth your time	1
however , you ought to ask a girl regarding the symptoms , since i am a boy .	0
you guys do n't have any reason to hate each other .	1
i had always felt the same way , but my views changed when i met my true love !	0
if you do n't you 'll always wonder .	1
your best friend is a good choice to marry in nobody else works out .	0
some people choose not to because of thier religion , others do n't .	1
i do not want to approach suddenly and ask , 'will you go out with me ? '	0
give it a chance because if you break up with them it would be harder to be friends	1
unless you know him fairly well , you are stinking yourself out there to get hurt .	0
the best of luck to ya !	1
if its your personal belief in something its not good or bad .	0
men who were not ready to committ .	1
they annoy you all throughout the day .	0
this is a big day in both of your lives , it shouldnt be done quickly and without thought .	1
either go to hawaii or pay someone .	0
one man willing to move 21 hours/1,400 miles just to be with me .	1
i can simply stop caring about him and forget about him as though he meant nothing to me .	0
i must not be ugly enough then	1
is it similar to a clear liquid that turns yellow when it dries ?	0
but thats ok. im a giver.wink , wink .	1
it is a turn off if she sits on your best friend 's lap when drunk .	0
well depend on women wot she want	1
he had a controlling personality .	0
remember it takes two not one	1
determination is one of the gifts we can give ourselves .	0
hang around untill the bar closes -- or visit a prison	1
you should get married only after you have been with a man for at least two years .	0
because believe it or not , women hate cocky men .	1
hi and hugs to all my fellow girls at cone !	0
but stick with wats inside of u .	1
when you are wither her , just be yourself .	0
hell , it happened to me twice .	1
i have no idea what you are trying to say .	0
maybe your young , i do n't know .	1
a man asked if i would mind cuddling with him .	0
no matter what he says , action speaks louder then words	1
why would some men do that ?	0
aint nothing in the world like a big boned gurl !	1
a few good women are left , you simply have to look in the right places .	0
( even if he is rich , dont sell ur self .	1
you should either move on , or work it out with your partner .	0
just moved to sacramento , gay male , 30	1
get a hold of yourself , how could you love a person that you do not even speak to ?	0
the people who are around you now , like your friends , should like you no matter what !	1
find a talented girl who is also pretty .	0
cuz they like the little titis and pussys	1
that does not mean that you are promiscuious .	0
wait til you get older and if you both still feel the same way then go for it !	1
it 's the only time in your life , you 're able to live out true love !	0
yes im not one of those people but i know there are lots of them	1
you will have to find an answer yourself .	0
no , not if you have to ask ...	1
give them two months , and they will get over you .	0
coz they are girls man and they are not as sofisticated as we are !	1
after some time , you will not see the color .	0
' ... does this mean he likes me ? .	1
he probably wants to know if you 're interested in him .	0
i dated one and i know .	1
if she is no longer interested in you .	0
look at the way she walks .	1
you are definitely not a promiscuous woman , so do not worry .	0
no ( at least i hope not ) .	1
no method exists for forcing a person to feel romantically towards you .	0
hello : i am looking to visit your country .	1
you should break up and keep yourself open to other options .	0
overtime should i give him another chance ?	1
have you had a pap smear ?	0
the same guy you wan na be in a relationship with ?	1
i can simply say yes and mention that i an proud and have long black hair .	0
i went and there he was .	1
i have a friend in a similar situation .	0
( that 's what i called it ) .. but , why ?	1
i do not know , perhaps you are young .	0
that way you can still go by your last name !	1
hi my name is going to remain anonymous , but i have been working together with this person for years .	0
i have told her i liked her and she said she would want to ruin or friendship .	1
if you honestly love him then you will tell him .	0
you can join a community site with live chat and webcam chat	1
if you 're honestly attracted to her , go with your emotions .	0
show her your naked baby pictures .	1
think about whether you can really afford it and , if you want to , then go forward .	0
but i am not telling you to be celibate till then ; - )	1
get your old life back so you can stay alive .	0
if he if flurting with her ok jump him .	1
dude , what you are saying is she doesn	0
i love curly hair i like to run my fingers thru it	1
do not employ flirtatious dialogue ; such behavior is n't appealing .	0
i want my wife to grow too .	1
perhaps some women would say that it hurts a lot .	0
well that is just the way it is i guess .	1
if i were mad , it would be easier to do .	0
i can just toss him to side and forget about him like last night 's trash ... ... ..lol	1
you also should move on if they have .	0
but he was a lil busy after that .	1
you are being punished , so you do n't get to watch tv for a month .	0
i do not know what to do because she knows how much i care about him .	1
tell him , and it would not seem psychotic , because you have to know one another for awhile .	0
if you do eat something like that then just quit .	1
it seems very complicated ; could you please explain it again in simple terms ?	0
it could be that u need to piss or the last dream u had	1
give them a chance to discover all of your talents .	0
you know ... ... .if he wants to wear my pants all he has to do is ask ... ... .sheesh !	1
unless , it is with the incorrect male .	0
if you were friends before and have stronger feelings now then it should be o > k >	1
my boyfriend loves me very much and does not desire to lose me .	0
and i want to try again .	1
if they are brunette or not is what matters .	0
figure out what style of arrangements you would like and flowers .	1
after a while it has to be played out .	0
lie lie lie and then lie some more	1
everyone , even if they do not admit it , likes to be told they are sexy .	0
wait until you find that out for sure first and then go from there !	1
i like to go dancing at clubs in downtown huston .	0
if you two are at a dance , he should n't really care .	1
good luck , but remember to do your homework .	0
trust him , do n't bring it up again .	1
i prefer natural appearances , rather than a full face of makeup .	0
honestly , most girls are just waiting for the guy to tell her how he truly feels .	1
if you are interested in the man , then attempt it .	0
i actually ponder this one now and again .	1
we are now only just divorced .	0
i met this guy once , very romantic , i met him in this huge rainstorm .	1
someone claimed women do not have feelings ?	0
ok now some guy 's like girls like that and some do n't	1
actions are better then words .	0
it comes right after threeplay and before fiveplay .	1
i 've been contemplating a mid-level pink hue , however , what should it be alongside ?	0
when i fall in love , i feel stupid .	1
watch for if he telephones , sends an electronic mail or even cares .	0
if you have to ask , then you are not in love .	1
be sure to never ignore her , listen to her , and do not change the subject .	0
if you start to feel the it comming on then start the four play again .	1
he is my only source of income until i graduate from college .	0
i do n't understand someone please give me the answer	1
she will inform you if it is not acceptable .	0
i saved a good $ 500-600 doing my own flowers and it was no hassle at all .	1
i do not believe i mind , either way .	0
but ask a girl about the sympthoms because i 'm a boy .	1
do not eat in the same place you defecate .	0
be you show a little toghness thats what girls like atleast most of them but mostly be yourself	1
attempting to get some blonde highlights as well .	0
follow ur heart ... it 's neva wrong	1
do n't worry about him , concentrate on your classes , and you boyfriend .	0
they bother u all day long .	1
i do not think i should have done that .	0
see if he calls , e-mails or even cares .	1
foreplay is important and should last , at the bare mininum , five minutes .	0
you can do a civilian arrest answ3r3r	1
what is a special gift i can give to my brother-in-law on his birthday ?	0
a spasm in your back usually	1
attempt to be authentic and do not act ostentatiously .	0
by now , you might love your wife for everything you guys have endured .	1
if they do not , then you will have to continue with your life .	0
good luck and i hope everything goes well !	1
your first kiss , however , should be heavenly .	0
say i love you and if the wait to say it back it tells it all	1
in a family life , this is the most beautiful .	0
try asking her out again and see what she says .	1
most importantly , be genuine .	0
; ) there is no way to make someone fall in love with you .	1
i know three men i can do that with .	0
ask her questions ( do n't just talk ) .	1
it is okay to jump on him if he is flirting with her .	0
and remember there is more then 1 !	1
stick with the boys who are either thirteen or fourteen .	0
i think they just look better than a whole lot of nations out there .	1
tell him ath you simply want to be friends are are disappointed by his thoughtless actions .	0
we got married all over again !	1
that is good , it is similar to getting your father 's blessing .	0
all in all i do n't think it really matters .	1
unless you are very desperate wait for him to ask you out .	0
and im sure as heck not driving 5 hrs just to hang out unless i really really like her .	1
if he insists then it indicates sex is his only goal .	0
how often can you have sex with pam anderson ?	1
i would enjoy having some fun with you , that is why i answered this ridiculous question .	0
i told her that i loved her and truly meant it .	1
do you feel in that manner ?	0
think about what good it brought about .	1
give your brother some money and inform him that he ought to leave .	0
the thing is im a person that does not like to brake others heart .	1
possibly he will call you .	0
give a rose and express ur love	1
something you can o is imagine your life with out him or her .	0
i like thick because i feel cheated with a thin one !	1
i pick the domestic goddess .	0
bcozz we always find a life partner therfor we attract with opposite side	1
do you love her deeply ?	0
what the hell r ya talking abt ?	1
men get bored before women do .	0
if you keep talking to him for another week , he might think he is married to you .	1
you can save money with respect to flowers .	0
women dont want much , just some acknowldgement and sometimes help .	1
if you are not happy then you need to fix it or leave .	0
at least thats what it seems like to me .	1
just because he has potential to be a decent boyfriend , does not mean that he will be .	0
do n't be afraid to say no .	1
you can perform a citizen 's arrest .	0
dump him ... there are always more fish in the sea .	1
having a big penis does n't mean you are good in bed .	0
to me it realy dose'nt matter , but a hand full is quite enought for me .	1
yes , it looks extremely beautiful on almost any woman .	0
choose the one that adores you the most !	1
men have issues with secrets .	0
you still released at least a thousand !	1
yes , it depend upon the man .	0
you go to a bar and get drunk !	1
people had questioned me , why was i rushing ?	0
give it some time and thought .	1
both of them do not respect your feelings .	0
no u shouldnt leave them ... just teach them what to do to please u better ...	1
even though i see him each week in psr i can not find the courage to talk to him .	0
bembie hit the nail on the head	1
i do not find a man appealing who behaves that way frequently .	0
no.u guys kiss when ur ready	1
i am attracted to men who shave their legs .	0
haha julesac is funny , but mean .	1
is homosexual , or is it simply curiosity ?	0
if youre asking this , u surely have already distanced yourself from her and yet remaining a friend .	1
in my opinion , they do .	0
dont try to figure it out thats jus the way it is .	1
it is a wrong decision that can not be undone !	0
i dont know.but i know of another website that i go to..	1
i lost my virginity in a park when i was sixteen .	0
ok it depends on how much your starting to have feelings for this boy !	1
they have never met in person but she says they are in love .	0
! he must be a control freak	1
ask him if he would like to dance with you .	0
it all depends on the girl or the and how intersted the girl is in the guy .	1
live life to the fullest and have faith .	0
look , try and get out to meet people .	1
i do not know if you fell down , but i want to have sex .	0
usually it is multiple things not just one thing	1
he knows that you like him , so just ask him on a date .	0
if u really really really really really really like them	1
repel your fear and inform him .	0
for the guys : ( a ) do you prefer a bigger woman or a smaller woman ?	1
i would not drive for five hours just to spend time with someone unless i really liked her a lot .	0
if all you do is argue it 's not worth it..	1
her friend to talk with her on the phone ?	0
u just have to be patient and the right girl will come along .	1
you should play sports with your male friends .	0
wife because then you can do more with out comminting a sin	1
upon iniitially discovering romantic love , you feel elated , delighted , and joyful simply ruminating on that individual .	0
depends , some days i want to have sex , somedays i do n't .	1
i can not picture my life without my husband .	0
plus they are more passionate in love makin .	1
we seem to always push away the ones who we love .	0
maybe because your the most beautiful girl they have seen .	1
if you both feel the same way when you are older , then go for it .	0
it really depends if someone is vain or not .	1
i use the term 'man ' very lightly when describing you .	0
someone i can be myself with .	1
personally , i prefer a and b cups .	0
send me your picture and contact me ..	1
any woman looks attractive when standing beside an unattractive man .	0
stay away from this guy friend .	1
it has happened to me , and now i am dating said person .	0
the doctor ca n't even believe it .	1
just be honest about your feelings towards her .	0
if not , then do n't sweat it !	1
show her your nude infant photographs .	0
i could give you some pointers .	1
why do homosexuals look to marriage ?	0
if you feel your love is fading , do n't just sit there and do nothing !	1
we participated in coitus on the hood of my car in the light rain .	0
i will not stay with someone i do n't trust .	1
why should men grow up if women expect men to act like that ?	0
i only once told a girl that i loved her , and i meant it .	1
you need to do this a few times to get comfortable .	0
you married him and it was for a reason .	1
while having intercourse is similar to a fantasy .	0
rip off your shirt and do a tarzan yell .	1
at the moment , i think he is angry , upset and unwilling to be with you .	0
yes , girl down there , do n't have sex .	1
if anyone knows the answer , please let me know .	0
they accept this in thier culture .	1
red stands for love , black stands for death , and so on .	0
always trail ride with a friend .	1
i like someone with some weight because i feel cheated with a thin one .	0
you did n't give us very good information/ do you all live in one house .	1
if you so not know , ask someone who has the answer .	0
move on - so what if he 's hot ... looks are n't everything .	1
his attempts to make it up to you will be enjoyable .	0
lol most important ... just be yourself .	1
the one that pick on you usually likes you .	0
sorry , i never have felt that way !	1
alright , i have been attracted to this girl since i was in the ninth grade .	0
i sure wont like any girl who would make my life difficult ...	1
did you see her looking at you ?	0
or if he gets them first , you get the popcorn .	1
i never knew that life could be so exceptional .	0
practice , ask if your doing good .	1
what is best for the both of you ?	0
but if u are sure then first tell your parents if you havent done allready .	1
at least she did n't give you a fake number .	0
well i met mine in a carnival .	1
therefore , in my opinion , you are not promiscuous .	0
sounds like a rhetorical question : )	1
however , let them get married if they can not control themselves .	0
well i believe everybody should keep their own name .	1
she calls him often .	0
but ur first kiss should feel like ur in hevan .	1
why bother if you are already doing it ?	0
there is nothing but trouble there !	1
many times you have loved a man , but were not sure if he loved you back .	0
how to make a woman happy to make a woman happy ... . ?	1
should i break up with him because of his mother ?	0
dont do things tht can get you hurt .	1
make a nice move , and if there is no responce , she is not interested .	0
i mean of course you will be making more money if you work hard .	1
i have friends that get married after 6 months of dating .	0
please do n't go up to her and tell her how good she looks .	1
demonstrate your skills to her .	0
i do n't think it 's good idea , u are not there for this purpose !	1
you will look silly .	0
go up to her and say 'hi , are you single ? '	1
that is a culture that has things right .	0
i think he would make a great valentine .	1
if you do n't ask the question , you will always wonder about the answer .	0
just be prepared to let her go .	1
i would suggest not worrying about it overmuch .	0
rather than just sit there and wait till u are a good one .	1
what is the worst thing that could occur ?	0
get a massage..and get away from it all..hehe..	1
i am confused and do not know what to do because i hate for the girl to be that way .	0
well if u really like this guy smile and make nice talk with him .	1
you should find someone who does not hate you .	0
take them both out at the same time	1
do not be rude .	0
it happened to me and i am now dating that person	1
certain men simply have no inclination toward dancing .	0
only two points to make friends 1 .	1
this is not an intelligent generation .	0
so you might just be over looking the type of men who think the world of you..	1
it depends on if you were previously able to trust him .	0
preferrably someone who does n't hate you .	1
unattractive and overweight men simply accept what they are able to get .	0
we tried to move on but it did n't work .	1
people choose to be husbands and wives for reasons .	0
i would n't bother calling him back .	1
it is not worth it , if all you do is argue .	0
try not to hang out with him and find another guy .	1
have a good time in jail asking your cell mate that question .	0
look for another hot girl , so she will be jealous .	1
are you asking if i like you ?	0
so in my opinon ur not a hoe !	1
what did you kiss ?	0
red= love , black = death ect ...	1
females have curiousity regarding sex with other females , myself included !	0
if she likes him than she dont like u dump her is not his fault that she strays	1
twenty to thirty-two is fine and she does not have to be younger than you .	0
for me anything after 3 days and i might start to forget about you .	1
when that occurs , your decision will be easier to make .	0
find a girl who has talets she also must be prety	1
he cheated , however , which i believe means i can lift or carry my husband .	0
there no one you can trust more than a good friend !	1
try to make the best out of a bad situation .	0
start the day off with breakfast out ... then perhaps a nice walk .	1
are you looking for friendship ?	0
then go pick them up ( if she say yes ) .	1
i believe that he would make a great valentine .	0
if yes , why do i heard some girl said flowers ar not going to last ?	1
this is difficult due to the many temptations .	0
may be its interesting for them	1
does it generally take a year to feel comfortable or bored in a relationship ?	0
could it ever be the same ...	1
it will all depend on when you are ready .	0
it 's not that bad ... at least it is not bella	1
of course i would love to meet women .	0
or you could tell her and have one of those fairy tale romances ...	1
it is just the way things are .	0
finally a culture that has it right .	1
it is ok to be friends with someone online , but there should be limits .	0
my twin wont talk or listen to me	1
can you imagine starting a family with him ?	0
want to get something you can not get rid of go ahead then	1
should he refuse your request , his value is too low to begin with .	0
only i am not thinking about him but i am having dreams about him .	1
to tell the truth , you will learn , but you must experience things .	0
if ur talkin ten then i think it would be fine to get a video/ computer game .	1
hopefully , you married your husband because you love him .	0
if he ca n't then take him to a place where they have slowdances ( dinner date , maybe ? )	1
i know i have someone who will be waiting when i come home .	0
i feel this is most beautiful in a family life .	1
get away from it all , go enjoy a massage .	0
it 's your choice not to hate one , i dislike them to say the least .	1
i do not know where to start .	0
never ever get married without a prenup ... .	1
that depends , are you an attractive individual with an athletic form ?	0
get a life and do n't waste mine .	1
are you referring to your avatar ?	0
she says your too good for her ?	1
if a man cares about you , then he will call .	0
guys come & go , but friends are forever !	1
in my opinion , there is a large difference between 'having intercourse ' and 'making love . '	0
it could probably mean a lot of things .	1
you do n't need to stay together , even if you have a child .	0
yes it is normal cause their is lots of people who still likes some they broke up with .	1
are you a young woman from a rural environment or from an urban environment ?	0
i`d like to see what a black female has to say about this .	1
getting married and having children can be postponed , but your studies can not be .	0
guys are stupid ! who knows why they do what they do .	1
i have never attended it .	0
well if they gave you their phone number you dont have to wait at all	1
do you want to be in a relationship with the same man ?	0
cause were masters of the universe ...	1
how often can you have sexual relations with pamela anderson ?	0
i 'm in love and do n't care who knows it buddy the elf .	1
you should make sure that getting your point across does not result in her hating you .	0
and whatever you do , do n't try to have both of them at once .	1
this just hits too close to home for me , my mother also , has cancer .	0
if you really wanted to be with him , you would n't be asking .	1
i love to run my fingers through curly hair .	0
remember being friends with someone online is ok but there are limits .	1
i am referring to the two of you collectively .	0
when my sis kisses someone she closes her eyes to get ready .	1
the right woman will come along if you are patient .	0
umm small party for the family	1
i desire my wife to grow as well .	0
girls are perverts they just hide it and act like it around other girls secretly	1
he is obviously shy , perhaps you should make a move .	0
and im only in fith grade o ya !	1
the doctor was surprised as well .	0
but you do what you want .	1
maybe you believe it is a no , but it is a yes .	0
do n't do that , it wo n't work .	1
men do not , only little boys .	0
if they do n't , it 's time to move on .	1
maybe ask if they would like to go on a date sometime soon .	0
he everything i ever wanted with the looks , money , stuff .	1
it happenned to me , twice .	0
yes , and it is bad luck to see the bride at the wedding .	1
you should not go out with a man because you feel the 'necessity ' to .	0
nope , she is not a liar .	1
you would not be asking , if you really wanted to be with him .	0
and he had his nose pierced .	1
and i just pray that it never passes !	0
yup , i can lift him , he 's only 185 ... .lol	1
most women are waiting for a man to tell her his true feelings .	0
you need a therapist for that .	1
women are more passionate during sex .	0
maybe some perverted guys like the really young looking asian girls	1
continuously attempt to impress her .	0
you should go see a shrink !	1
leaning towards me and kissing me gently on only the forehead .	0
giving you stupid excuses of the wall ! acting the way he did n't before !	1
i am not that type of person , however i know plenty of people like that .	0
be strong , and hang in there .	1
okay , it depends on how deeply you are starting to experience emotions for this boy !	0
nope , he 's too darned big and i 'm too darned weak !	1
in advance , thank you for the pep .	0
basically if she is so drunk that she becomes a slob / or slut then yes it is unattractive ...	1
why do they desire to be married ?	0
especially if you do n't feel like it .	1
we like to be approached softly , with some slight chasing .	0
he dribbles ... he shoots ... he scores ... 2 points ...	1
i would like a trip to an amusement park , or a museum .	0
giving it up just for him to stick around is like selling your soul to the devil .	1
i have feelings for a person and need to know if i am in love .	0
i cant give you a wife view but hopefully mine is just as good .	1
do you enjoy fake nails or manicured nails ?	0
plus it takes the pressure off of me to ask someone ...	1
first , plan what you desire and do not worry about what everyone else desires .	0
depends on the woman , it 's better shaved=- )	1
i do not understand you .	0
ask in english terms ... can not understand you	1
i like the perfume that you wear .	0
hey , i 'm a guy , but i 'll tell you a little .	1
i think most men do not care , but it does depend on the individual person .	0
i like him alot and i want to win him over not push him away .	1
it has nothing to do with being vulnerable , young or submissinve .	0
ok like i really really really like this guy and i dont know if he likes me back .	1
do not get married so early in the relationship .	0
btw - ur avatar looks familiar .	1
you are not a good person of you plan to be unfaithful to your wife .	0
it 's been over 6 months & i ca n't seem to get over it .	1
be the best version of yourself , and if he is impressed he will talk to you .	0
maybe he thinks he will be turned down.just ask ... i would .	1
you do n't want to be with anyone , but that person .	0
you got ta think about that and that should help you out on seeing if you can trust him !	1
he is getting married , stop pursuing it .	0
a picture the shape of a heart with you and her when you both first dated ... .thats special	1
did you relay to her the annoying nature of her daily check-ins with you ?	0
i am in college and he is my only sourse of income until i get out .	1
when i move in i was asked out by my neighbor .	0
i 've been with this girl for 8 months and we have n't kissed is this bad ?	1
most teen-aged boys prefer teen girls like enjoy fornication .	0
some guys do n't like boobs at all !	1
he played a good game of basketball .	0
or that she just wants to see other people ?	1
do not worry .	0
and hes seen me every day for about 4 or 5 years !	1
are you someone who enjoys arguing and fighting ?	0
there was his stop so he got off the train .	1
the most important issue , is not attempt to retaliate at the individual that wronged you .	0
but , i know exactly what i want in a relationship .	1
one man willing to move twenty-one hours and fourteen hundred miles just to be with me .	0
i would flirt and send flowers and candies to my self and then he would ask u out sometime	1
have you seen a doctor yet ?	0
i also hate seeing my dad unhappy .	1
perhaps she is not a shrew , but the thin woman definitely was .	0
i feel bad because i know that i snore sometime -- most people do , right ?	1
you should pursue an active life and not waste my time .	0
i like sos and need to know if im in love	1
it is comparable to over-indulging in chocolate and then complaining because you have gained weight .	0
if you guys truely love each other then u can work out all the fighting etc .	1
i traveled there and he was present .	0
because neither of you have the guts to call it quits	1
if he is single , go for it .	0
however that does not mean that big girls ca n't be cute .	1
if you do not obey men like this , they typically become the sort who beat their wives .	0
but he is getting married this month .	1
are you or are you not attracted to him ?	0
but those guys are jerks and you do n't want them anwyay .	1
if you are sure , however , then you should tell your parents is you have not already done so .	0
and get married only after you 've been with a guy for more than 2 years .	1
many people will probably reject you .	0
man has penis and woman has clitoris .	1
do you believe he has the same feelings towards you ?	0
seperate the bad thing and move on !	1
some men only say that word , if they mean it .	0
if she will tell the administration i will be expelled coz its pakistan not america	1
it appears that he likes you , and should should show him how you feel .	0
you should get to know her and sooner or later you will ask her out or she will .	1
i am of the opinion that everyone should keep their own name .	0
maybe you and i can get together sometime & we 'll find love with one another .	1
friends are forever because guys come and go .	0
i would be , but i 'm just married !	1
try to imagine that it was considered love .	0
play the field a bit now .	1
i believe you should be ready even if your relationship survives the four seasons .	0
as everyone said ... dont get married so early .	1
all right , presently certain men like women of that type and others , not as much .	0
just want to know have you been to the doc yet !	1
if you want children , then be a homemaker .	0
pay attention to what the other person says !	1
younger men and older women , good idea or not ?	0
just talk your spouse about this	1
he wants to continue .	0
if you are into sixth graders you are obviously young .	1
therefore , there is no alternative to the proper labeling of 'love . '	0
ask if they wan na go somewhere with you .	1
also , your self-image is very important .	0
-a trip to amusement park such as roller coaster or even theatrical museum .	1
i say those things and i am female .	0
or do guys really do prefer bigger women ?	1
trust me , girls can be just as perverted .	0
problem is i really like him .	1
flowers are nice , even if the do not last long .	0
should i dump him because of his mother	1
there are films that i have yet to see .	0
i did this before ( accidentally ) and my friend was mad that i deleted him !	1
she is a very sweet girl , just the person you are looking for !	0
i dont think i mind either way .	1
try to use your brain and not your manhood , maybe she does not love you .	0
but thats her way ... you could try it that way or you could just keep your eyes open ...	1
no disrespect intended ; but , that does sound like a lady 's name .	0
there are some that do , but you should be able to tel .	1
i would not take the trouble to call him back .	0
r u talking about ur avatar ?	1
no women i 'm attracted to in my list , therefore i choose my neighbors spouse .	0
i dont ever remember giving a girl a cristmas gift unless i liked her .	1
marraige is about trust and communication .	0
i do n't know what to do .	1
do not listen to anyone else 's advice .	0
try to be your self and do n't show off	1
what should i do to be successful with her ?	0
so just take it day by day-step by step.think of how he lost a good thing .	1
give them a rose and express your love for them .	0
compliments , honesty and make it about her .	1
it is unusual , i agree , however it is nothing bad .	0
i think hse will crash him !	1
you need to see discern what 's correct for you both .	0
it just means that she is really interested in the guy .	1
they are woman enough for a man , but they are n't as sophisticated as us .	0
please do.. im thinking you would get slapped mid-reach , or kicked in the groin .	1
exactly , especially when she became sick .	0
only now she and i are both divorced .	1
i can not assist any further without more information .	0
if he/she want to see you picture rightaway it sex !	1
kissing is something you can not do wrong or right .	0
hey it 's better than her givin u a fake # to call lol !	1
take time to decide .	0
tell her to move to mass ... ... ... ... .	1
enjoying yourself with male friends is acceptable .	0
if you feel this strongly about it then maybe you should n't get married .	1
i would say , that it is more of a trust issue .	0
the pictures i 've seen ... i would say maui or the bahamas .	1
i need someone to assist me in figuring this out .	0
the guy i like is mad at me .	1
then move on if he still does not like you .	0
you 're 13 do n't even worry about it ...	1
he probably is n't interested either .	0
that way you dont have to worry about you calling him too much !	1
try to make it yourself whenever possible .	0
i am a guy and let me tell you , we love to chase !	1
can you do anything else besides work and fix things ?	0
thanks for the pep in advance !	1
i told her i sincerely loved her .	0
we always seem to push the ones taht we love away .	1
it seems that all of the male senior students think that freshmen girls are promiscuous , which unfortunate .	0
they think that they can control other peoples lives when thye cant	1
so , how do i simply kiss him ?	0
thats weird but maybe idk ill talk to my friend by his locker .	1
if you check in the deleted items it should be there .	0
if a guy cares he calls .	1
i hope that you find a nice girl to date .	0
what special gift can i give my would be brother in law for his birthday ?	1
i do not believe that is a good idea , you are not there for that purpose .	0
he probably doesnt want to either .	1
it is a very long list .	0
some guys do ... and some guys do n't .	1
i would say brokeback mountain ; you will be happy even if it is a man .	0
the timing just wasnt right for it with the old guy ... you 'll see !	1
if you do not base your relationship on intercourse , then it is ok .	0
generally kind and my fifth : i 'll just be dissapointed if she 's stupid .	1
correct , also it is a portender of misfortune to glimpse the betrothed at the marriage ceremony .	0
its one of the gifts we can always give ourselves .	1
hold on and stay strong and good luck !	0
i do not believe trust has to be earned , because how is that even possible .	1
um , modest get-together for relatives .	0
do n't let her rule your life , she will just have to learn to deal with it .	1
if you are skeptical about the performance piece of it , then do not do it .	0
i have yahoo email and that works for me .	1
i am married now .	0
i would n't worry too much about it .	1
i believe it is completely dependent upon age and upbringing .	0
oh yes , the trick ass hoe 's never had a chance .	1
once you have children , you will need to decide on a last name .	0
when you can fart in front of the one your dating	1
your child will find it difficult enough growing up without a father .	0
depends on how old they are .	1
bald men look like children to me , i do n't find it attractive .	0
and any guy who sas he woul is prolly not being entirely honest with himself .	1
ask what the score of the last game was .	0
if you flirt with him , the challange is not there .	1
if you are dating the guy you love you need to get rid of your ex .	0
if you need your x emotionally - then ya got some troubles .	1
the best and easiest way is to fly or drive to las vegas and get married .	0
20 to 32 ... she does n't have to be younger than you .	1
of course , let me get to know you more .	0
my be she do n't love you but try to use your brean not your haerd	1
i prefr a size c or d. anythign bigger is a waste .	0
there are tons of cheap ideas out there , just find what you like and work with it !	1
deceive and mislead and then fabricate some more .	0
and if you are worried about doing it - performance wise - dont .	1
they have not performed previously and the pleasure is twice as nice !	0
find a nother girl and if that dosent work move back	1
my wife does not like to wear those brands .	0
most often ( not always ) that will be guys around your age , give ot take .	1
we are unaware of what you look like .	0
if u you act like dat all da time she might think u desperate .	1
because opposites attract and we always find a partner for life .	0
not everyone on here is in school .	1
i think this is better than my personal life .	0
should i make the first move or should i wait for him to make the first move ?	1
do n't go anywhere with you new date that you went with your ex .	0
after a while you dont even see the color .	1
speak with your best friend and determine if it is agreeable .	0
: ) i have n't tried it yet , but i am still trying to get up the nerve ... .	1
it sounds strange , but it worked for me , in about three to five days .	0
if you two are serious then asking her that question should n't bother her .	1
i do not like it when he teases you about the little things .	0
sak her out what 's up with that ?	1
no , because i am not yet married .	0
how about ... would you like to go out with me sometime ?	1
a large number of males appreciate heavyset women ; they are primarily african american .	0
those was good times i tells ya .	1
if you admire him , then you should not care , stay with him .	0
its all about her , and no it shouldnt be something that happends on a first date .	1
do they mock you when you are with him ?	0
do you really want to spend the rest of your life with someone you argue with all the time .	1
you should not get married if you feel this strongly about it .	0
you are too good for them	1
it 's strongly dependent on whether or not a person is vain .	0
depending on the age , cds or dvds .	1
you need to move on and enter a relationship with someone who does not hate you .	0
20 years down the road that is all you can be so start from the beginning	1
you should becom acquainted with her and sooner or later one of you will ask the other out .	0
ill like to visit usa what are the needfull things	1
i asked him if he was blowing me off .	0
u sound like a very lovely person so dont let some of these gals drag you down .	1
perhaps some vulgar young men enjoy the younger asian ladies .	0
you dont look , just go out and enjoy yourself and have fun and a gf will come along .	1
make sure it is your decision .	0
do n't persue it , he is getting married .	1
tell him you are looking to keep it casual .	0
like clear liquid and turns yellow when dry ?	1
this situation is a challenging one with lots of problems .	0
then when she starts closing her eyes , kiss her in the lipps and then its up to you !	1
they have been fairly favorable years , not always the easiest .	0
please be honest with me i can handle the truth	1
we have seen each other , everyday , for approximately four to five years .	0
its shows how much they care about you !	1
imagine that i am the man you want , and then date me .	0
tell her that you miss her and that you love her .	1
it never harms anyone to flirt a little !	0
coffee , lunch , site seeing , walk/talk/play in the park , museum , movie matinee	1
you should stick with what you feel inside .	0
what you whant is a hooker , you can find that in any corner of the world .	1
i wish you luck .	0
but now we do all these things together and i dont know what to do..	1
is it bad if i have not kissed the girl i have been with for eight months ?	0
because if it fails you be up $ h*t !	1
it is the woman 's decision .	0
and its been the best thing for at least me .	1
i believe they look better than many other nations .	0
the problem is that he cheated on me recently and it was the worst that he could of done .	1
it would be ok the day after .	0
if you are happy she should be happy , unless he really is being bad to you .	1
see if she is avaliable for dinner and a movie .	0
we like it when guys do things for us and think about us .	1
some men do n't think of their partner when they just get to it .	0
maybe if you give him space he will eventually call you back .	1
please ask the question in english ; i am unable to understand you .	0
tell him you do n't want a real relationship .	1
i apologize , but i have never felt that way .	0
if you look creepy and you look..they 'll all think you 're leering .	1
remember , no bird has ever tried to fly with one wing .	0
i do n't know about love , but he likes you for sure	1
i frequently think about this issue .	0
if a guy really respects u then he 'll understand .	1
you will never find a significant other , if you appear to be despondent .	0
ask yourself and decide.and if you can afford it , do if you want to .	1
i met agirl recently , and i want to know if she likes me .	0
because he is a superhero that is the closest to being just a regular guy .	1
do not simply sit around and wait for the phone to ring .	0
sometimes the difficulties are worth it if the the good outweighs the bad	1
be quiet and be whatever sexual orientation that you wish .	0
i dont think it is wise to date at work .	1
if he comes to his senses , great ; if not , you should move on .	0
let it take it 's course from there .	1
he may love you , but he also may want to disappoint his father .	0
about what they think about gay marrige/ relationshiops ?	1
you should take action before it is too late .	0
so ofcourse i had to ask him if he was blowin me off .	1
this woman does n't want a man who deceives her .	0
guys will think youre hot no matter what with this usually .	1
i 'd enjoy hearing the viewpoint of an african american woman regarding this subject .	0
but i dont htink that by not having sex with him he will become unfaithful or leave you .	1
please help me win this debate against her !	0
marriage is really about trusting & communicating	1
almost without exception ( not constantly ) those are men similar in age to yourself , more or less .	0
ok , so i had this problem too .	1
when will pepole begin to realize this ?	0
depending on what you kissed ; )	1
i 'm unsure concerning what i should do .	0
it depends on if you could trust him before !	1
you visit a bar and drink until you are inebriated .	0
make sure you dont make her hate you just get your point across too her	1
i behaved as such in the company of my present romantic partner .	0
uh- wher 've u been meeting these filipinas ?	1
if you have to ask , then that is a negative .	0
that way , you are n't exactly telling them what you specifically do n't like about them .	1
do not sit there and wait untill he realizes that you are a good one .	0
if he is , then go for it !	1
even though i am getting divorced , i am still stuck with this .	0
then see if shes open for a dinner & a movie .	1
your girlfriend will only think that you are being a jerk .	0
hey im sorry i do n't know and i wish best of luck to both of you !	1
perhaps you should attempt to pursue young women , given the tendency by men to be offensive .	0
however -- -- i find him looking at me every now and then .	1
i went out with my ex for three years and then he/she cheated .	0
this is sin , our selves have started this	1
you will know in time , and i recommend seeing what happens for six months .	0
fun includes eating meals ( not breakfast if yo know what i mean ) .	1
well , the one i enjoyed goes something like this .	0
make a kind move , if no responce u know what to do !	1
not all gentlemen break up with their woman .	0
let him make the first move if u do it may make u look like ur ubsesd with him !	1
going there is great fun , and there are plenty of things to do .	0
you people have no right to get married !	1
is it okay to kiss on the first date ?	0
my tragic love story was i loved him very much and he loved me too .	1
i have a female friend that i am close with .	0
u seem desperate and you 'll never find a if you 're desperate .	1
they lust for each other .	0
but he swears that we 're just friends .	1
my friend tells me that i am too nice , and that i should tell him no .	0
looks do n't really matter unless you are trying to prove something .	1
but , because there is always an exception , is there not ?	0
again , i know once u have sex with him , he is no longer a good friend .	1
not all men , however some men do .	0
the fact that a guy is sooo self centered is a huge turn off for me .	1
by doing so , you 're still able to retain your surname .	0
do n't rush it feel all your emotions come alive .	1
approach her , say hello , and ask if she is single .	0
it a two way traffic until you get them you will know which one it is	1
that really stimulated me sexually , but i ran away .	0
so you have one baby out of wedlock .	1
girls who are heavier can still be attractive .	0
i know i 'm overtly picky about people how can i stop it !	1
not every participant present is attending educational courses .	0
it hurts ... .alot ... maybe some girls might say that 's it ?	1
practice unwrapping starburst and tying cherry stems , with your tongue .	0
im going to jump that boy is that the right choice	1
i will pay if i can get your vote for best answer .	0
so it was a good ideea !	1
you should look for somewhere in public , where you will feel most comfortable .	0
if she gets drunk then it is not a turn off .	1
flirt with him and gauge his reaction .	0
because some women send men tiny messages with out saying it clearly .	1
and it eases the pressure i 'm feeling to invite somebody .	0
i 'd perfer if they left me alone ... sorry , i got off-topic .	1
please say you will go out with me .	0
ask her to go do something she is interested in or to see a movie she 'd like .	1
she does not forget my mistakes .	0
haha ... too bad it 's not automatic like msn or aol .	1
how should i approach her , without her thinking i 'm just another man with bad intentions ?	0
and thats how they 'll react to it so yea its bad situation for you and him .	1
as a man , i may have some insight .	0
go back to that person at once before it becomes too late for you .	1
do not worry , you are only 13 .	0
lol i too want to smack that smile off her face	1
always go trail riding with company .	0
and ask if he wants to dance with you .	1
if the two of you truly love each other , then you will work things out .	0
then she might say that looks ugly i think ( a color ) looks better .	1
eye contact is the key point .	0
ask him to go see a doc .	1
i can lift him .	0
i never went out with him a second time .	1
he simply has to start over , and regain your trust again .	0
first of all , why did u guys break up ?	1
why do you want to ask her out ?	0
why wait , , , , , go ahead do it	1
well , i 'm hoping you 'll review this information very thoroughly .	0
as long as he dosent mind , who elses opinion matters ?	1
try playing , 'truth or dare , ' together .	0
i think im still totally in love w/ him ...	1
wait until you find out and confirm , then go from there .	0
i never wanted to have sex again .	1
that is stupid because you need a theory class for that .	0
the main thing is to not try to get back at the one who wronged you .	1
just quit if you do eat something like that .	0
if u have to ask other people i really dont think ur ready to	1
i keep thinking about sex with her .	0
im a gilr , i say those things ... .	1
the only way you will know is if you confront him and ask him directly .	0
a big savings area is flowers .	1
jamie is going to ask rubi out on a date .	0
time wiil tell give it six months and see what happens .	1
the relationship is still happening because neither of you have the courage to end things .	0
either that or you are the only one he has a chance at getting some booty from	1
it may be that it is interesting for them to learn about that .	0
well from your list , i would have to choose spiderman .	1
he dribbles , shoots , and scores : two points .	0
i was cheated on for 3 of the years .	1
do men truly prefer bigger women ?	0
all seniors think freshman girls are easy , its sad but true	1
he loves you as well , but only time can tell what will happen .	0
and if he says yes than you can tell him .	1
if a man really respects you , he will understand you .	0
and impress her with affection and love .	1
we have started our own sins .	0
and if you have , what was it like ?	1
his answer works for me .	0
celebrate valentine with joy and fun ... give eachother gifts and hav a fun ...	1
you can still love him , but you need to move on .	0
